---
title: "Overview"
zones:
    - "Functions"
sections:
    - "FunctionBridge"
menu:
    FunctionBridge:
        weight: 10
---

The SEED W20 function acts as an integration bridge between the SEED Java framework and the W20 Web framework. You can
add it with the following dependency:

    <dependency>
       <groupId>org.seedstack.functions.w20</groupId>
       <artifactId>seed-w20-function-web</artifactId>
    </dependency>
    
The W20 masterpage (generally `index.html`) is generated by the function and don't have to be provided by the developer.
You can still provide your own masterpage by disabling the automatic one. Use the following configuration to do so:

    org.seedstack.w20.disable-masterpage = true

The W20 configuration (generally `w20.app.json`) is read from `META-INF/configuration` classpath directory and automatically
managed. Some values are automatically added by the function and don't need to be explicitly specified:

* `w20-core`
  * `application`
    * `id`: set to the application identifier defined in SEED configuration. Cannot be overridden.
  * `environment`
    * `type`: set to the SEED configuration property `org.seedstack.w20.environment`.

For each fragment the following variables are defined:

* `seed-base-path`: the path to the application document root.
* `seed-rest-path`: the path to the application rest base path.
* `seed-webresources-path`: the path to the application static resources servlet base path.

The function provides a SPI to allow other functions to further override configuration.
