---
Title: "I18n-addon 2.1.1"
Description: The 2.1.1 version of the i18n add-on has been released with fixes and minor new features.
Authors:
  - Pierre THIROUIN
Date: 2015-12-04
Slug: i18n-addon-2-1-1
Tags:
  - release
  - i18n
Zones:
  - Posts
---

The 2.1.1 version of the i18n add-on has been released with fixes and minor new features. This version will be integrated
in an upcoming distribution version but for now you have to define this dependency management manually in your parent
POM:

    <dependency>
        <groupId>org.seedstack.addons.i18n</groupId>
        <artifactId>i18n-specs</artifactId>
        <version>2.1.1</version>
    </dependency>
    <dependency>
        <groupId>org.seedstack.addons.i18n</groupId>
        <artifactId>i18n-rest</artifactId>
        <version>2.1.1</version>
    </dependency>
    <dependency>
        <groupId>org.seedstack.addons.i18n</groupId>
        <artifactId>i18n-core</artifactId>
        <version>2.1.1</version>
    </dependency>
    <dependency>
        <groupId>org.seedstack.addons.i18n</groupId>
        <artifactId>i18n-web</artifactId>
        <version>2.1.1</version>
    </dependency>

# Fixes

## Regional locales fixes

First we have fixed the localization issues which appeared when regional locales (like es-AR) were used. This was due
to a mismatch between standard locale codes (es-AR) and Java locale codes (es-AR). It is now possible to use regional
locales without any issue but you will have to alter your i18n data: **replace underscores (_) by dashes (-) in the
locale codes**.

## Import fixes

The CSV import feature has also been fixed. It is now possible to import multiple translation files.

# New features

## Mixing frontend and backend translations

By default when a translation is missing for a given locale the i18n-addon doesn't return a translation to the frontend.
In this case W20 fallback to the default locale. This can be useful as it maximize the amount of translated keys even if
some translations are missing in a language, but it can lead to pages with mixed languages.

To avoid this mix, a strict mode can now be enabled. When it is enabled the i18n add-on will the return the key name
between brackets for the missing translations. You can enable it by add the following configuration:

    org.seedstack.i18n.allow-missing-translation = false

In that case the W20 frontend will display the untranslated keys between brackets instead of fallback to the default language,
making it easier to spot the lacking translations.

## Custom locales

Declaring custom locales previously required specifying three properties. It is now simpler as you just have to declare
one:

    org.seedstack.i18n.additional-locales = br-FR, ca-ES

The names of the custom locales will be automatically derived from the codes.
