---
title: "I18n-addon 2.2.0"
description: The 2.2.0 version of the i18n add-on has been released with fixes and improved performance.
authors:
  - Pierre THIROUIN
date: 2016-01-28
slug: i18n-addon-2-2-0
tags:
  - release
  - i18n
zones:
  - Posts
---

The 2.2.0 version of the i18n add-on has been released with fixes and improved performance. This version will be integrated
in an upcoming distribution version.<!--more--> For now you have to define this dependency management manually in your parent
POM:

    <dependency>
        <groupId>org.seedstack.addons.i18n</groupId>
        <artifactId>i18n-specs</artifactId>
        <version>2.2.0</version>
    </dependency>
    <dependency>
        <groupId>org.seedstack.addons.i18n</groupId>
        <artifactId>i18n-rest</artifactId>
        <version>2.2.0</version>
    </dependency>
    <dependency>
        <groupId>org.seedstack.addons.i18n</groupId>
        <artifactId>i18n-core</artifactId>
        <version>2.2.0</version>
    </dependency>
    <dependency>
        <groupId>org.seedstack.addons.i18n</groupId>
        <artifactId>i18n-web</artifactId>
        <version>2.2.0</version>
    </dependency>

# Fixes

CSV import will no longer add null translations (no more NullPointerException on import).

# Changes

## Performance

The translation mechanism has been rewritten in order to provide vastly better performance on the first load
and in subsequent uses. However this refactoring had some impact on the database model.

So in order to upgrade to this new version, you will have to backup your data using the CSV import/export.
Then regenerate the SQL schema with the new structure. You can use JPA to generate it for you, or you can use
the following [scripts](https://github.com/seedstack/i18n-addon/tree/master/scripts).

## Addon translations

The i18n addon UI has always been internationalized. But it doesn't make sense to pollute your translations with
translations comming from the addon itself. That is why we decided to move all the addon translations into json files
using the W20 i18n mechanism.

## Documentation

The [documentation](http://seedstack.org/addons/i18n/) has also been rewritten in order to be more simple and straightforward.


